Create template (#31)
eove/orca: docs/pki_init.md

## Introduction

We describes how to initialise an offline CA using O.R.CA.

> [!Warning]  
> Part of this process would probably also involve working with another (online) CA as well.  
> We would want to sign that online CA using the offline CA and thus to get a fully functional chain of trust.  
> All work on the offline part of the PKI thus means using your O.R.CA workflow.

# Initialisation of the offline vault

> The initialisation is done during a ceremony following your O.R.CA workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initialisation is done during a ceremony. Please refer to your custom `exploitation manual` to find out the workflow for your offline vault ceremony).
```
